the washington redskins lost a legal
battle yesterday you know the Redskins
have been under a lot of pressure to
change their team name because it's a
racial slur we got used to it because
it's been around for a long time but
it's a racial slur and they may be
forced to abandon it whether they want
to or not because yesterday the team
lost their federal trademark the US
Patent and Trademark Office canceled the
trademark because they say the name
Redskins is disparaging to Native
Americans so now now the team doesn't
have exclusive rights to it anyone can
use the name Redskins for commercial
purposes which could cost them hundreds
of millions of dollars but the owner of
the team Daniel Snyder have out he will
never change the name he's very much
against it I guess he either doesn't
agree or doesn't care that its offensive
and a lot of people are with him on that
but i think i was thinking about today i
didn't believe i have a simple way to
make this work for everyone may have a
new pen yes thank you all right very
good you have anything bigger than that
all right here we go hi Guillermo I'm
gonna solve this right now okay
all right now they're the Fred skins and
now no one can be offended who can the
hell we can't
I was not expecting this why it's Fred
Willard yes I'm Fred Willard yeah you're
darn right and I'm here on behalf of
friends all over the world or saying
we're no longer to stand for this
hogwash aur bola Louie why I didn't I
didn't mean to offend well you did
offend we are all freds and each one of
us is as unique as a snowflake okay
we're already making kind of a big deal
out of this it's just a big deal you're
saying it's no big deal don't you try to
run away from me Jimmy Kimmel I wasn't
I'm here to tell you you tell that to
all of friends who are supposed to be
here for this protest but in fact they
had prior engagement which is beside the
point yeah I'm talking about your friend
savages in your Fred Durst oh and you're
right said fred zand Fred mercury
offered shown you forget him passed away
yeah Fred Krueger and Fred yeah winstone
well you know those those last two
aren't actually real people so don't
think they're real you'll find out how
real they are when you hear from our
lawyers then right now if you'll excuse
me I'm going back to your green room and
fill my pockets with tootsie rolls that
really lets still have those yeah we
don't still have love them you do I
right there so chew almost like
chocolate you look more like plastic
that don't still have the big one yeah
we do have the big one you have to bite
size they're soft too you almost feel
you shouldn't be eating them right I
know stop trying to distract me and win
me I'm sorry I didn't
me I have to say to you with goodbye
oppressor I'll see you in court okay oh
and Jimmy one more thing good luck with
a baby oh thank you very much Fred if
it's a boy or a girl I think he knows
today
windows at the end when does it end I
don't know
I actually felt like I was in a fight
for a minute there